# Download Aankhen 2002 Hindi DVDRip XviD E-SuB XRG 16: A Thrilling Heist Movie
 
Aankhen is a 2002 Hindi-language heist thriller film directed by Vipul Amrutlal Shah and starring Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, Arjun Rampal, Sushmita Sen and Paresh Rawal. The film is based on a Gujarati play Andhalo Pato (Blindman's Buff) and tells the story of a vengeful bank manager who trains three blind men to rob his former employer.
 
The film was a critical and commercial success, earning praise for its unconventional plot, direction and performances. Bachchan and Kumar received accolades for their portrayal of the mastermind and the leader of the blind trio respectively. The film was nominated for several awards, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor at various ceremonies.
 
**Download File ……… [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2uHgbx](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2uHgbx)**


 
If you are looking for a gripping and suspenseful movie to watch, you can download Aankhen 2002 Hindi DVDRip XviD E-SuB XRG 16 from the link below. This is a high-quality rip with English subtitles that will enhance your viewing experience. You will not regret watching this movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat till the end.
 
[Download Aankhen 2002 Hindi DVDRip XviD E-SuB XRG 16](https://example.com/download/aankhen-2002-hindi-dvdrip-xvid-esub-xrg-16)
  
Aankhen is not just a typical heist movie, but also a psychological thriller that explores the themes of revenge, betrayal, loyalty and trust. The film has many twists and turns that will keep you guessing till the end. The film also showcases the abilities and challenges of the visually impaired people, who are often underestimated and discriminated by the society.
 
The film has a stellar cast that delivers powerful performances. Amitabh Bachchan is brilliant as the ruthless and cunning Vijay Singh Rajput, who is obsessed with his plan to humiliate the bank that fired him. Akshay Kumar is impressive as the smart and charismatic Vishwas Prajapati, who leads the blind team with his sixth sense. Arjun Rampal and Paresh Rawal are convincing as the other two blind men, who have their own motives and personalities. Sushmita Sen is charming as the teacher who trains the blind men and falls in love with Vishwas. Aditya Pancholi is effective as the naive cop who tries to catch the robbers.
 
Aankhen 2002 Hindi 720p DvDRip x264 AC3 5.1 ESubs[^1^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi 1080p NF WEBRip x265 DDP5.1 ESub[^1^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi DVDRip X264 Ac3 Adi Jawed[^1^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi 1CD DVDRip X264 ESubs[^1^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi DvDrip XviD Subs[^1^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi WEB-DL 720p x264 DD 5.1 ESubs[^2^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi WEBRip 10bit 720p x265 HEVC DDP 5.1 ESub[^3^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi AMZN WEB-DL 1080p x264 DDP5.1 ESub[^4^],  Aankhen 2002 Hindi NF WEB-DL 480p x264 AAC ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi HDRip XviD MP3 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi BRRip x264 AC3 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi BluRay 720p x264 DTS ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi HDTV x264 DD5.1 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi MHD WEB-DL x264 AAC ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi ZEE5 WEB-DL 1080p x265 HEVC DDP5.1 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi MX WEB-DL 720p x264 AAC ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi Hotstar WEB-DL x264 MP3 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi SonyLiv WEB-DL x265 HEVC AC3 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi Netflix WEB-DL x264 DDP5.1 ESub,  Aankhen 2002 Hindi PrimeVideo WEB-DL x265 HEVC AAC ESub,  Aankhen (2002) Full Movie Download in HD Quality,  Watch Aankhen (2002) Online Free Streaming on RARBG,  How to Download Aankhen (2002) Torrent Safely and Fast,  Aankhen (2002) Movie Review: A Thrilling Heist Film with a Twist,  Aankhen (2002) Cast and Crew: Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, Sushmita Sen and More,  Aankhen (2002) Songs Download: Listen to the Hit Music of Aankhen (2002),  Aankhen (2002) Box Office Collection: How Much Did the Film Earn?,  Aankhen (2002) Awards and Nominations: A List of All the Honors Received by the Film,  Aankhen (2002) Trivia and Facts: Did You Know These Interesting Things About the Film?,  Aankhen (2002) Quotes: The Best Dialogues from the Film,  Aankhen (2002) Behind the Scenes: How the Film Was Made with Three Blind Actors,  Aankhen (2002) Remake: Who Will Star in the Upcoming Bollywood Version of the Film?,  Aankhen (2002) Sequel: Will There Be a Part Two of the Film?,  Aankhen (2002) Watch Online: Where to Stream the Film Legally?,  Aankhen (2002) Download Subtitles: How to Get English or Other Language Subs for the Film?,  Aankhen (2002) Ratings and Reviews: What Do Critics and Audiences Think of the Film?,  Aankhen (2002) Plot Summary: What Happens in the Film?,  Aankhen (2002) Theme and Message: What Does the Film Teach Us?,  Aankhen (2002) Genre and Style: How Does the Film Combine Comedy, Crime, Drama and Thriller Elements?,  Aankhen (2002) Comparison and Contrast: How Does the Film Differ from Other Heist Films?
 
The film also has a memorable soundtrack composed by Jatin-Lalit, Aadesh Shrivastava and Nitin Raikwar. The songs are catchy and suit the mood of the film. The song "Chalka Chalka Re" featuring Bipasha Basu in a special appearance is a highlight of the film.
 
Aankhen is a film that will entertain you and make you think at the same time. It is a film that deserves to be watched by everyone who loves thrillers and dramas. Download Aankhen 2002 Hindi DVDRip XviD E-SuB XRG 16 now and enjoy this masterpiece.
  
Aankhen is a film that has been appreciated by critics and audiences alike. The film has received positive reviews from various sources, such as IMDb, Rotten Tomatoes, The Times of India and Rediff. The film has also been praised by celebrities and filmmakers, such as Shah Rukh Khan, Karan Johar, Rajkumar Hirani and Anurag Kashyap. The film has been regarded as one of the best heist movies of Bollywood and one of the finest performances of Amitabh Bachchan and Akshay Kumar.
 
Aankhen is a film that has also inspired many other films and shows, such as Don 2, Special 26, Dhoom 3 and Blindspot. The film has also been remade in Tamil as Aankhein and in Telugu as Neti Gandhi. The film has also been adapted into a stage musical in 2017, starring Karan Oberoi, Sonali Sehgal and Dinyar Contractor. The film has also been planned for a sequel, Aankhen 2, which is expected to release in 2022.
 
Aankhen is a film that you should not miss out on. It is a film that will keep you hooked from the start to the finish. It is a film that will make you laugh, cry, cheer and applaud. It is a film that will make you appreciate the power of cinema and the talent of the actors. Download Aankhen 2002 Hindi DVDRip XviD E-SuB XRG 16 today and watch this amazing film.
 8cf37b1e13
 
